# Gender Detection from User Profiles in Social Media

A Python-based gender detection toolkit for social media profiles that infers gender from profile. The project includes preprocessing, name extraction, and making efficient dictionary-based matching. we detect gender based on usernames and image profiles.

The project currently focuses on two independent sources of information:

- **Username** *(under development)*
- **Profile Image** *(under development)*

---

## Project Status

🚧 This project is currently under development.

---

# Username Module

The username module is based on matching first names extracted from online resources. both **Persian** and **Pinglish (Finglish)** versions of names are generated.

The preprocessing pipeline consists of two sequential steps:

### Step 1 – Collect Persian Names

Male and female Persian names are scraped from two different websites and stored as separate datasets.

---

### Step 2 – Generate Pinglish Names and Build Final Dictionary

he generated Persian and Pinglish name lists are combined and cleaned to create the final dictionary.
Aftar that, using a Persian-to-Pinglish conversion website, all Persian names are automatically converted into their Pinglish equivalents through a Python script that will later be used for username gender detection.

This produces a dictionary:

- NameDictionary.pkl

---

# How to Run

Run the scripts in the following order:

```bash
python Scraping_Persian_names_dictionary.py
python Scraping _Persian_names_dictionary_2.py
python Finglish_dictionary.py
```

Each script depends on the output generated by the previous step.

---

# License

This project is released under the MIT License.

---

# Disclaimer

Gender prediction based on publicly available profile information is inherently uncertain and should not be considered definitive.